[Autogenerated] Okay, welcome back.
So let's pick up where we left off,
and we're going to start looking at common scenarios with sqs.
Now a very common scenario is using Lambda triggers.
And what this means is that we can trigger one or more
land of functions based on this sqs que So we're
essentially making our lambda functions.
The workers from that diagram and they're processing the messages now.
I went ahead, Let me go to Lambda, and I created two functions here.
I haven't sqs worker in an sqs center,
so the center is just sending messages to our Q URL.
And that brings me to another important point To send messages to a Q.
You have to populate it with the Q u r l.
So what I'll do is I'll copy this.
Q URL I'll put it into our center as an environment variable because I'm
pulling que URL from the environment variables and there we go.
So now we're sending a message using the bow to three library to our Q URL,
which is getting pulled from my environment variables,
and we're just sending a simple message that says hello from Lambda.
And the time is this so this should print the epoch
time as well as hello from Lambda.
So that way we can see different messages.
So let me go ahead,
and I want to go ahead and test this sqs center and you'll see
that we have successfully sent a message.
So now if I look at my Pluralsight.
Q.
We should see one message available, and we do so if I send this several times,
we should eventually see that number of messages built up,
and there they are.
Now you'll notice they're just sitting there.
So if I keep refreshing, they're not going anywhere.
And that's because we don't have a worker that's
pulling those messages off the queue.
Now, for troubleshooting purposes,
you can view and delete messages on the cues from the console
you can see are message hello from Lambda and then the time
stamp in that changes for each message.
This way, we know we've sent different messages.
I'm gonna go and stop polling,
and that's gonna put the message is back on the queue for availability.
Now what we can do just as an architectural example,
is we can implement a land of function based on that sqs Q.
So What I'll do is I'll add a trigger.
And this is for my Lambda Sqs worker function.
I'm selecting Sqs.
We specify the arm, which is Pluralsight right,
and then we can go ahead and look at the batch size.
So what I can do here is I can Go,
let's say five messages and this allows for less API calls like we were
talking about two sqs so you can go down to one message.
So you're processing each message individually or I can.
Grab a batch of messages up to 10.
So I'll go and grab five, and then we enable it.
So if I click add, we've just added a lambda trigger to are Pluralsight sqs que.
And there you go right there.
So once this is done creating that trigger,
what should happen is when we start sending messages on the Q,
it's going to start pulling them off.
So let me go and actually empty this Q.
I'm going to go back to my sender and let me send 10 messages.
Okay, so I've sent 10 messages.
We refresh will see four there, so that means they're already processing.
And there you go after refreshing we can.
See that they're all gone now.
Sometimes you'll see messages in flight,
which means the number of messages that were received,
but they're not deleted yet.
But since this is so fast we saw available and then now they're gone.
So if I go to my worker function and I go to my CloudWatch logs we're going to
see are indications and we can see the JSON that I printed.
So we have our records, and if I scroll through here,
we're going to see are different messages.
So here's one here,
on another one here and then we'll see them all down through this.
Now,
what's neat about this is this is all one call right here so you
can see our records start here for the event,
and then we start having our messages in our message.
IDE s.
So there is one message.
Here is a separate message and those error all in one call.
So we have multiple messages received with one call Now,
depending on how fast are functions can see scale out concurrently.
That's going to drive the amount of calls that are made
so you can see we have one receive, and then a couple two's up top.
So that's how we can configure and sqs Q to decouple our architectures.
It allows for resiliency and decoupling,
which allows us to take a micro service approach for our applications.
Now we're gonna move on to S N s, which is simple notification services.
And after s and s, we're going to dive back in to sqs with some advanced architecture decisions.